This package is collectively known as GNU Bayonne.

This package is collectively licensed using the GNU General Public License
version 3.0 or later.

The primary copyright holder is David Sugar and Tycho Softworks, both
directly and through copyright assignment.

GNU Bayonne was held in copyright directly and by assignment by Open Source
Telecom corporation prior to dissolution in 2005.  At that time OST was
dissolved full copyright to Bayonne, as well as to Common C++, ccScript, and
ccAudio, was reverted in full to David Sugar, as well as given separately and
in full to Rich Bodo, Mark Lipscombe, and Martin Clinton.  This branch is
derived from my distribution and is held in copyright by me and Tycho
Softworks.

While under OST Bayonne was licensed using the GNU General Public License, and
explicit exceptions were offered to link with the Dialogic, Pika Technologies,
and Aculab runtime libraries so that everyone receiving the software had the
same rights and freedom to modify it and distribute their modifications that
OST itself already enjoyed as an exclusive copyright holder.

While there is no new support for these runtime environments and hardware, we
have chosen to continue these drivers for those who may have existing hardware
in the field they wish to support and upgrade to newer maintained releases of
GNU Bayonne, and to do so offering the very same freedoms as before.  

If you do not wish to apply these exceptions downstream and distribute only
supporting hardware that offers free software drivers and api's, you are free
to do so, to remove this privilege from the license, and to remove the
dialogic, aculab, and pika subdirectories from your re-distribution.  

This privilege to link with these specific runtime libraries does not mean that
your own resulting code may not fall under the GNU General Public License for
other reasons, nor does it in any way allow you to distribute modified versions
of GNU Bayonne or parts of it outside of the conditions of the GNU General
Public License.  If you distribute or otherwise convey GNU Bayonne binaries
built with the Intel-Dialogic driver, for one example, that which was received
as GNU Bayonne must also be redistributed or otherwise made available in source
in full, including local modifications if any, as per the GNU General Public
License.


