NOTICE:

Prior to the 3rd release we are building a test release of the new 3.0 api and
core utilities alone WITHOUT a new bayonne server.  This is to help test and
debug Bayonne audio processing as we prepare a formal 3.0 release of the GNU
Bayonne package.

----

Welcome to the 3rd major release series of GNU Bayonne.  This release series is
dedicated to improving the use of bayonne as a script driven telephony
integration and application services platform in conjunction with an existing
telephony infrastructure. Common uses include voice messaging, voice broadcast,
and prepaid calling in conjunction with a SIP server or H323 gatekeeper such as
Ser, SipX, GNU SIP Witch or GNU Gate Keeper; for offering IMS services and for
carrier hosted applications; and for integration with legacy digital and analog
key telephone systems. These use cases imply that Bayonne will also assume the
goals and functionality of the original Babylon PBX integration server as well.

GNU Bayonne traditionally operates as a generic script driven telephony server
that can operate with existing third party telephony api kits, such as those
produced by Intel-Dialogic, Aculab, Pika (montecarlo), or Voicetronix.  GNU
Bayonne also includes pure network drivers for SIP and H323.  Specific drivers
and api adaptions offer features unique and targetted to those environments.
For example, some telephony api's support various forms of conferencing, and
these features are available in Bayonne adaptions for those api's.  Other
drivers will be created to support unique features of specific telephony
platforms, such as for sipxpbx which uses html initiated app services, the
panasonic DBS driver that would use the Panasonic DBS serial API, or sipwitch
which offers presense and instant messaging through simple.

